1.What is React Js?
Ans.The React. js framework is an open-source JavaScript framework and library developed by Facebook.

2.What is NPM in React Js?
Ans.NPM is short for node package manager, an online directory that contains the various already registered open-source packages.

3.What is Role of Node Js in react Js?
Ans.NodeJS is a framework of JavaScript which is mainly used for working with the backend of our application or building the backend using JavaScript, 
    whereas ReactJS is a JavaScript front-end library.

4.What is CLI command In React Js?
Ans.js and React. The CLI will be used to create a Node. js microservice project. 
    It will be similar to how the create-react-app works in that you can run it using npx or just install it as a global package.

5.What is Components in React Js?
Ans.Components are independent and reusable bits of code. They serve the same purpose as JavaScript functions, but work in isolation and return HTML. 
    Components come in two types, Class components and Function components, in this tutorial we will concentrate on Function components.

6.What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
Ans.Headers are compositions that extend standard navbar functionalities. 
    They contain additional components like a jumbotron, sub-navbar, or image covers which serve as a containers for extra navigation elements - usually links, forms, or call-to-action buttons.

7.How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to Install
Ans.To install the full React toolchain on WSL, we recommend using create-react-app:

	1.Open a terminal(Windows Command Prompt or PowerShell).

	2.Create a new project folder: mkdir ReactProjects and enter that directory: cd ReactProjects.

	3.Install React using create-react-app, a tool that installs all of the dependencies to build and run a full React.js application:npx create-react-app my-app

	4.This will first ask for your permission to temporarily install create-react-app and it's associated packages. Once completed, change directories into your new app ("my-app" or whatever you've chosen to call it): cd my-app.

	5.Start your new React app:npm start
	This command will start up the Node.js server and launch a new browser window displaying your app. You can use Ctrl + c to stop running the React app in your command line.
	
	6.When you're ready to deploy your web app to production, running npm run build will create a build of your app in the "build" folder. 

8.NPM and How to check version of NPM?
Ans.Type the command npm -v or npm –version in your command prompt to see the given output.

9.How to check version of React Js?
Ans.To check which React version is your project using you need to open the package. json. 
    Take a look under the dependencies section. 
    It should list all of the dependencies of your project and one of those should be React.

10.How to change in components of React Js?
Ans.forceUpdate() By default, when your component's state or props change, your component will re-render. 
    If your render() method depends on some other data, you can tell React that the component needs re-rendering by calling forceUpdate().

11.How to Create a List View in React Js?
Ans.The following section explains the required steps to build the simple ListView component with its basic usage in step by step procedure.
    1.Dependencies. ...
    2.Installation and Configuration. ...
    3.Adding Syncfusion packages. ...
    4.Adding ListView component. ...
    5.Adding CSS Reference. ...
    6.Bind dataSource. ...
    7.Running the application. ...
    8.See Also.
